
## Status Return Codes

In response to HTTP requests, the API will return a status code along
with HTTP response headers and any data for the call.  The status codes
indicate the result of the call and can be used to distinguish different
reasons for the failure of an API call.

In addition to the response codes from the API, clients should be
prepared to handle additional response codes that are generated by other
elements within the web - such as 3xx codes and some 4xx and 5xx codes.
Most of these other response status codes may be handled by the browser
or library that is being used to make the remote API calls.

### 200 Ok

This status code indicates that the API call was successful and the
requested operation was compelted prior to the response being sent.

### 204 No Content

This status code indicates that the API call was successful but that
there is no content being returned.  This will be sent only when the API
defines that response data will be sent, and no data was available to
send in the response.  Calls that are defined to not return data simply
return the 200 status code.

### 400 Bad Request

This status code indicates that the server was unable to parse the
incoming API call correctly.  The response data will typically include
additional information about the failure cause.

### 404 Not Found

This status code indicates that the requested resource was not found on
the server.  The response may or may not include additional information
about the resource.  This may include advice on how to create the
requested resource.

### 405 Method Not Allowed

This status code indicates that the API call was to a resource that does
not support the requested HTTP method.  The response will include the
allowed methods in and HTTP Accept header.

### 429 Too Many Requests

This status code indicates that the client has been sending too many
requests and the server is implementing rate limiting for this client.
The response header may include an HTTP Retry-After header to indicate
how much time should elapse before another call is made if the client
wishes to avoid rate limiting.

### 500 Internal Server Error

This status code indicates that the server has encountered an error which
it is unable to handle during the processing of the API call.

### 501 Not Implemented

This status code indicates that the client attempted to use a feature of
HTTP (such as an extended feature like PATCH) that is not recognized by
the server.  This is different from the 405 code which indicates that the
method is recognized but not allowed by the resource.

### 503 Service Unavailable

This status code indicates that the HTTP server is active, but the
underlying server that implements the API is not available at this time.
The server may send an HTTP Retry-After header if the cause is not due to
resource starvation but to some known reason that is expected to clear.

